Add Instructions for Removing Users (#885)
astronomer/docs: astro/add-user.md

---
sidebar_label: 'Add and remove users'
title: 'Add and remove Astro users'

> id: add-user

Reviewer: This seems like a

> id: add-user

Author: @jwitz ideally, we _should_ update the file name/ ID. I didn't do it here for the reasons you've identified. In this case, I think we can get away with leaving it as is because the sidebar text is accurate and users will be able to locate the new information easily by searching for it. If you feel strongly about making the change, I can implement it.

description: Add or remove users in the Cloud UI.
---

As a Workspace Admin or Organization Owner, you can add new team members to Astro and grant them user roles with permissions for specific actions across your Organization. Workspace Admins can remove users from a Workspace, but Organization Owners need to contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io) to remove users from an Organization.

## Prerequisites

- To add or remove Organization users, you need Organization Owner permissions.

> - To add or remove Workspace users, you need Workspace Admin permissions for that Workspace. The user must also already be a part of the Organization that hosts the Workspace.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To add or remove Workspace users, you need Workspace Admin permissions for that Workspace. The user must also already be a part of the Organization that hosts the Workspace.

For more information on user roles, see [Manage user permissions on Astro](user-permissions.md).
```

    After you add the user, their information appears in the **Access** tab as a new entry in the **Members** table. To access the Organization, the user needs to accept the invitation sent by email and then create an Astro account or log in.

## Add a user to a Workspace

1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace.
2. Click **Access** in the left menu.
3. Click **Add member**:

    ![Workspace user invite button](/img/docs/add-user.png)

4. Enter the user's email.
5. Set a Workspace role for the user. For a list of available roles and their permissions, see [Workspace roles](user-permissions.md#workspace-roles)
6. Click **Add member**.

    After you add the user, their information appears in the **Access** tab as a new entry in the **Members** table. To access the Workspace, the user needs to accept the invitation sent by email and log in.

## Remove users from a Workspace

1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace.
2. Click **Access** in the left menu.

   ![Access tab](/img/docs/access-tab.png)

3. Click **Edit** next to the user you want to remove.
4. Click **Remove member**.
5. Click **Yes, continue** to confirm the removal.

## Remove users from an Organization

> To remove users from an Organization, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io). In your ticket, provide the user's email and the name of the Organization that you want to remove them from. When you remove a user from an Organization, they are automatically removed from all of their Workspaces within the Organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To remove users from an Organization, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io). In your ticket, provide:

- The user's email address.
- The name of the Organization that you want to remove them from.

When you remove a user from an Organization, they are automatically removed from all of the Workspaces they had access to within the Organization.
```

- I kinda like bullet points for short sections like this?
- Not really "their" workspace but just they have access to it?

Don't feel strongly about either of these

Reviewer 3: We're on the cusp of releasing support for Remove User at the Org level :)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87984472/180104728-69e9c97f-0cc2-44b7-aa8c-a02c0ab7e025.png)

Author: @chomipi88 that's great news! When the functionality is available, open an issue and request an update to the documentation.

4. Set a Workspace role for the user. For a list of available roles and their permissions, see [Workspace roles](user-permissions.md#workspace-roles)
5. Click **Add member**.

Once you add the user, their information will appear in the **Access** tab as a new entry in the **Members** table. To access the Workspace, the user needs to accept the invitation sent by email and log in.

## Remove users from a Workspace

1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace.

> 2. Click **Access** in the left menu.

Reviewer: I think we only need to add spaces between steps when there's embedded content like the image here. Otherwise, I'd remove the spaces between steps to make the doc smaller and more legible in raw markdown.

Author: @jwitz I find the spacing helpful - especially in new documentation. It doesn't cause any issues with output as far as I can tell. I think this comes down to personal preference. I've removed the spacing here, but I don't think it's absolutely necessary.

   ![Access tab](/img/docs/access-tab.png)

3. Click **Edit** next to the user you want to remove.

4. Click **Remove member**.

5. Click **Yes, continue** to confirm the removal.

## Remove users from an Organization

> To remove users from an Organization, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove users from an Organization, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io). In your ticket, provide the user's email and the name of the Organization that you want to remove them from. Note that if you remove a user from an Organization, they will automatically be removed from all of their Workspaces within the Organization.
```
@chomipi88 might need to confirm the accuracy of that last sentence, but I think that's a downstream consequence that admins should be aware of.
